--------------------------- Features -----------------------------------

Connection features:
    1. Number of flows
    2. Total size of all flows
    3. Number of ssl logs
    4. Total size of ssl logs
    5. Number of ssl handshakes in one connection
    6. List of offered ciphersuites
    7. List of advertised extension


Flow features:
    1. Duration of a flow
    2. Size of a flow
    3. Periodicity of flows
    4. Differences of sizes of flows
    5. State of connection (S_, SA_)
    6. Differences of sizes of ssl logs
    7. Size of public key
    8. Cipher
    9. Version of ssl
   10. Certificate
   11. One certificate for more domains
   12. A flow has port 443 but there is no such ssl log


- Je důležitý se zaměřit na ssl, ptotože klasický featury už má sebas zmáklý (SIZE, DURATION a PERIODICITY)

Connection features:
    1. Number of ssl logs
    2. Total size of ssl logs
    3. Number of ssl handshakes in one connection
    4. List of offered ciphersuites
    5. List of advertised extension
    6. State of connection (S_, SA_)
    7. Size of public key
    8. Version of ssl
    9. One certificate for more domains
   10. A flow has port 443 but there is no such ssl log


Conn.log file intersting feature:
1. service: An identification of an application protocol being sent over the connection
2. conn_state: S0, S1, ...
3. local_orig: If the connection is originated locally, this value will be T.
    If it was originated remotely it will be F. In the case that the Site::local_nets variable is undefined,
    this field will be left empty at all times.
4. local_resp: If the connection is responded to locally, this value will be T.
    If it was responded to remotely it will be F. In the case that the Site::local_nets variable is undefined,
    this field will be left empty at all times.
5. missed_bytes
6. history of connection states


SSL.log file intersting features:
1. version: SSL/TLS version that the server chose.
2. cipher: SSL/TLS cipher suite that the server chose.
3. curve: Elliptic curve the server chose when using ECDH/ECDHE. (it is almost nowhere!!)
4. server_name: Value of the Server Name Indicator SSL/TLS extension. It indicates the server name that the client was requesting.
5. resumed: Flag to indicate if the session was resumed reusing the key material exchanged in an earlier connection.
6. established: Flag to indicate if this ssl session has been established successfully, or if it was aborted during the handshake.
7. cert_chain_fuids: An ordered vector of all certificate file unique IDs for the certificates offered by the server.
8. client_cert_chain_fuids: An ordered vector of all certificate file unique IDs for the certificates offered by the client.
9. subject: Subject of the X.509 certificate offered by the server.
10. issuer: Subject of the signer of the X.509 certificate offered by the server.

X.509. log is about certificate: